(Ai)
Previously on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Vrains.
Link Vrains' security
cams picked this up
half an hour ago.
Why is the Shepherd
chasing after Blue Gal?
(Yusei)
Because of this.
Aqua!
(Flame)
How do we help her?
Yeah, we can't let her
get zapped like Earth.
(majestic music)
It's time to link
into the brains.
(Yusei)
Hey, Ghost Gal.
(Takeru)
Did you see
the Shepard around here?
You just missed him.
Which way did he go?
'Cause he's on the hunt
for Blue Gal and Aqua.
And we must do all
we can to help them.
We're fine, guys.
With Aqua by my side,
I can upgrade my game.
So say goodbye to Blue Gal
and hello to Blue Maiden.
Let's fight together
to stop this war.
Let's go!
(Ai)
Yeah!
(intro music)
Let's get to work, shall we?
(Earth)
What's going on?
If it's any consolation,
you'll be helping with the
advancement of human technology.
Now do it.
Yes ma'am.
Stop this.
You can't do this to me.
Good riddance.
One fewer Ignis
means one fewer problem that
I have to deal
with in this world.
But why did Sol Tech send
Gore after the Earth Ignis
instead of me?
I'm the one they're
supposed to call
when a job needs to get done.
Hmph.
He barely won even
with an upgrade.
He used to be a loser.
But now he's a loser with
an AI chip in his brain.
A real bounty hunter would
eliminate his target,
not bring it back to Sol Tech
like some hunting trophy.
And maybe that's why they
sent him instead of me.
Here it is,
Sol Tech's data bank.
I don't like it when people
try to keep secrets from me.
Especially since
they should know
that it's pointless to even try.
Now, let's see why Sol
Tech would want an Ignis.
No.
This can't be true.
That's him.
Kenneth Drayton, sir.
Also known by many
as the Sheperd.
He's not only a first
class bounty hunter,
but also an expert hacker.
And someone who despises
AIs just as much as we do.
Maybe even more so.
(Rokin)
Someone like that
could be very useful to us.
What's this?
Sky left me a note?
(Sky)
Hey Akira,
just letting you know
I'll be out and about,
so don't wait up.
After seeing what
happened to Earth,
I can't just sit
by and do nothing.
I have to make sure something
like that never happens again.
One of us has to.
Sky.
Be careful.
(Hiyami)
Stop, you can't
just barge in.
(Sheperd)
Watch me.
Sorry, chief.
I told him you were busy, but.
Zaizen always has time for me,
don't you, Zaizen?
I'm calling security.
And you'll find they're
not as nice as me.
(Akira)
It's fine, Hiyami.
I'll take care of this.
Kay.
So Sheperd,
to what do I
owe this pleasure?
You've been holding
out on me, Zaizen.
What?
I was curious why
Sol Technologies
would move mountains
to capture an Ignis.
And I found out why.
What's this?
(Sheperd)
Don't play dumb.
I pulled these docs straight
off your company servers.
You're planning to use the data
you extracted from
the Earth Ignis
to create a new
generation of AIs.
AIs so superior that
all the current ones
will seem like cavemen.
Such advanced technology
will be a financial windfall
for Sol Tech.
So that's the Queen's plan.
You tricked me, Zaizen.
I was told to hunt down the
Ignis to get rid of them,
not so you could create
more powerful ones.
You made me do the exact
opposite of what I wanted.
Well yes, it seems so,
but I knew nothing
about this.
Ignorance is no
excuse, Zaizen.
But now that you know,
what are you
going to do?
Are you going to
force your bosses
to shut down this project?
If you think I can tell
my bosses what to do,
you must've never worked
in a corporate environment.
Besides, I already tried
and they ignored me.
So my hands are tied.
But mine aren't.
And I'll handle
this my way.
And next time Sol
Tech has a job for me,
don't call.
It appears I'm not popular
with anyone these days.
But I wish they knew that
although my hands may be tied,
I still have a
seat at the table.
Some changes can only be
done from within Sol Tech,
and not from the
outside looking in.
Blue Maiden,
I've been thinking,
and well...
I know your brother works
for Sol Technologies,
so if you're helping me,
doesn't that mean you
two are fighting on
opposite sides?
I know it looks
like that,
but he's actually
on our side.
Even though I
really do wish Akira
would try a bit harder
than he currently is.
Oh.
Because I'd hate myself
if I broke up your family.
Hey, you're not
breaking up anything.
Besides, remember,
you didn't force me to help you.
I'm choosing to help you.
So don't you worry,
we're good.
Thanks.
Oh.
We're here.
So that's where
Lightning locked up Aqua.
I wonder what he
put down for it.
Let's check this place out,
and see if he left
any clues behind.
Are you detecting
anything here, Ai?
Am I?
I can see particles at
the microscopic level,
so nothing gets past me.
And...
Nope, no, no, no
traces of nothing.
Cleaner than a dentist's teeth.
When Lightning doesn't
want to be found,
he makes sure not to be.
For real.
He covers his tracks
better than a Proxy server
hidden in
a railway tunnel.
(Man)
Master Rokin,
despite our best efforts,
we still have no idea where
the Light Ignis is hiding.
Of course not.
If the Light Ignis has half
the intelligence that I do,
I would only make
my presence known
when I'm absolutely
ready to attack.
That means it's imperative
that we find it beforehand.
I can double our search
parties if you so desire.
No, I have another
idea to find the Ignis.
But if I want
to do it quickly,
I can't do it alone.
I need the skills of a
certain hacker to help me.
You mean the
Sheperd, Master Rokin?
I think it's time
we pay him a visit.
I'll find the Ignis myself,
and crush them into oblivion.
No one understands the pain
the AIs have put me through.
Except maybe
her.
No, not even her.
I've never needed
anyone's help before.
And I don't need it now.
Even from you,
Varis.
I'm not here to
offer you my help.
You're here
to help me, Sheperd.
Or should I say Kenneth?
So,
you know who I am.
Oh, there's nothing
that I don't know.
I know that AIs have put
your mother in the hospital.
And I know you spent your
entire life erasing AIs.
And of course, you know
that the Knights of Hanoi.
have no love for the Ignis.
But here is what
you don't know.
The Ignis have officially
declared war on all of humanity.
So it seems our
interests are aligned.
And it's in your best interest
to join the Knights of Hanoi.
My best interest, aye?
To be your minion and
follow your orders?
You must've mistaken this
lone wolf for a lap dog.
Because even if our
goals are similar,
the Sheperd takes
orders from no one.
I'll fight the Ignis
on my own.
And if that helps you,
consider yourself lucky
that you're getting
my services for free.
That doesn't work
for me, Sheperd.
I don't need lone
wolves or freelancers
accidentally
messing up my plans,
especially when my
plan is sure fire.
So you're going
to join me,
whether you
like it or not.
Or what?
You don't
want to know.
No, I do want to know.
Or I wouldn't ask.
And you should
know by now,
since you did all
that research already,
that I don't like
to be threatened.
So I'll give you until the count
of three to leave me alone,
before I erase you
from existence.
One.
Two.
I don't like being
sneaked up on.
Firing on the
count of two,
how sporting of you.
But that type of ruthlessness
is why I want you to join me.
Unhand me.
I was going to
let you off easy.
But I guess that
plan's out the window.
(dramatic music)
Let's see how tough you
Knights of Hanoi really are.
Let's duel.
Allow me to make
the move, Shepherd.
Huh, go right on ahead,
it doesn't matter to me.
Very well.
I'll place this card face down
on my field and end my turn.
That's it?
Just one measly card?
You think that's
enough to stop me?
Well, we'll see,
won't we?
Yes we will.
I draw, first I summon
Duplicate Drone,
then I activate
the special ability
of a second duplicate
drone from my hand
If I already have a
Duplicate Drone in play
I'm also allowed
to summon this one.
(mechanical beeps)
and I also get to summon
Scud Drone from my hand
when I have other drone
monsters on my field.
(mechanical beeps)
You may have gotten
three monster quickly
but none are
particularly powerful.
They will be when
I forge them together
I link summon link two
Battle Drone Warrant
(drone whirling)
(suspenseful music)
(mechanical beeps)
And I'll use this new
monster to link summon again
I set Scud Drone and Battle
Drone Warrant to the link arrows
to link summon Link three
Battle Drone General!
(drone beeping)
Next, I activate battle
drone general special ability
to re-summon a drone from my
graveyard next to its link.
So Battle Drone Warrant
returns to this battle
and it has you in
its sight, attack!
(drone blasting)
Ugh!
(mechanical beeps)
If my drone deals you
damage with a direct attack,
Battle Drone General
can tribute that drone
to deal you with
additional damage
equal to its attack points,
so it zaps away 1,200
more life points.
(mechanical beeps)
And since Battle Drone general
has 2,400 attack points
it can attack you directly
and wipe out the rest
of your life points.
Finish him!
Do you actually think
that's going to work?
What?
Calm down Shepherd,
don't be a fool
you shouldn't group me
with every lame bounty
you've ever captured.
Ugh.
Watch this, I activate
Checksum Dragon's ability.
If you attack my
life points directly
after you've already
dealt battle damage
to me earlier in the turn,
I can summon this card
from my hand to protect me
(mechanical beeps)
I also regain life points equal
to half of Checksum
Dragon's defence points.
(mechanical beeps)
Listening to the
tone of your voice
you sound like you did
something impressive
when all you did was
summon Cannon bother
for Battle Drone
General to destroy.
(missiles exploding)
(mechanical beeps)
It's still alive?
Will you look at that?
It seems I forgot to tell
you that Checksum Dragon
can't be destroyed
this turn, oops.
One good shot
deserves another,
I activate the spell card
Blitz Drone and end my turn
but by doing so that triggers
Battle Drone Warrant's
special ability
from my graveyard.
When I end my turn and
there're no monsters
in my main monster zone,
Battle Drone Warrant
re-summons itself
from my graveyard.
(mechanical beeps)
And this move starts a combo
that wins me this duel.
I activate Blitz Drone's
effect by tributing
Battle Drone Warrant you
take 1,200 points of damage.
And I only have
800 life points,
but I also have this card
that I placed face down
at the start of the duel
Uh, so what?
So this,
I activate my trap
Imperial Order!
It negates the effects of
every one of your spells,
even the spell card
that you claimed
would bring you victory.
Ugh.
From one hunter to another,
allow me to give you some
professional duelling advice,
unless you up your
duelling skills
you'll never defeat an Ignis,
especially since they
have a powerful new card
known as a Link Spell!
A Link Spell?
It's a spell card that
has link arrows of its own,
opening upon new
duelling strategies.
Yes, I can see that.
So, unless your
game is prepared
to deal with a
card like that Shepherd,
you have
no chance of winning.
Why are you telling me this?
Because like I said before,
as a future member of
the Knights of Hanoi,
I need you to help me
execute my master plan
and you can't exactly serve me
if the Ignis find
and defeat you.
Now, can you?
You've got some nerve
talking to me this way,
you should show a little more
respect to your superiors.
If you haven't noticed, I'm
beating you in this duel.
Of course I have,
but getting a lead
and holding a lead are
two separate matters.
It's my turn, I draw!
When Imperial Order
is on my field
I have to pay 700 life points
at the start of my turn.
Next, when you have a
Link monster in play
I'm allowed to summon
Gateway Dragon from my hand.
(mechanical beeps)
And by using Gateway
Dragon's ability
I can summon a dark
attribute dragon
from my hand as long as
its level 4 or below.
Come on now DMZ Dragon
(dragon roaring)
(mechanical beeps)
Now is the time to
manifest my circuit,
the summoning conditions are
two or more effect monsters
so I'll set Gateway
Dragon, Checksum Dragon
and DMZ Dragon in
the link arrow.
I link summon Link 3
Topologic Trisbaena!
(robotic beeps)
I link summon Link
3 Topologic Trisbaena!
(robotic sounds)
So what?
I activate my trap
Capture Drone
and use it on
Topologic Trisbaena.
By doing so, Trisbaena
can no longer attack
or use special abilities.
Furthermore, you can't use
it to link summon either.
In other words, all your
added up to less than nothing.
Hmm, that's
because you think
this is the end
point of my strategy,
when, it is merely
a midpoint of what
I'm actually
intending to execute.
Since I have a link
monster on my field,
I can summon Vulnerability
Dragon from my hand,
(mechanical beeps)
but in exchange I have to
destroy one monster on my field
for everyone that you
have on your field.
Since you have one
monster in play
I have to destroy one of mine,
so I'll destroy
Topologic Trisbaena!
You destroyed your
best monster, why?
No, since Capture Drone lost
its target it's also destroyed.
Well well,
it looks like you have
what is known as a problem.
(groans)
And it'll get even worse,
because now I summon
the Tuner monster,
Rokket Synchron!
(monster roaring)
(mechanical beeps)
A Tuner monster.
Rokket Synchron's
ability activate.
When I summon this
monster I can re-summon
a level five or higher
dragon from my graveyard
in defence mode.
Come on back, Checksum Dragon!
(mechanical beeps)
My level one Rokket
Synchron tunes
with my level one
Vulnerability Dragon
and the level six
Checksum Dragon!
(laser beeping)
Oh!
The fuel of the cosmos
mixes with abundance of speed
to transcend to beyond
I synchro summon
Borreload Savage Dragon!
(robotic beeps)
(dragon roars)
This can't be.
Yes it can, my Savage Dragon's
special ability activates.
When I synchro
summon this monster,
I can retrieve a link
monster from my graveyard
and equip it onto
my Savage Dragon
and by doing so my
Savage Dragon gains
a Borrel Counter for
every one of its links.
So I equip my Link 3 Topologic
Trisbaena onto my dragon,
giving it three Borrel Counters.
(mechanical beeps)
Savage Dragon also gains
half the attack points
of the monster it equips,
so Savage Dragon's attack
points rise to 4,250.
Ready Shepherd?
Borreload Savage Dragon blast
away Battle Drone General!
(fire blasting)
(mechanical beeps)
And next, by vanishing my
DMZ Dragon from my graveyard,
I can destroy
Topologic Trisbaena
to allow Savage Dragon
to attack again!
A second attack?
Without Trisbaena
to power it up,
Savage Dragon's attack
points will drop,
(mechanical beeps)
but still has enough
strength to end you Shepherd!
(fire blasting)
(Shepherd groans)
(mechanical beeps)
So, this is the
power of the Hanoi?
No, this is a mere
fragment of our power,
because if I was really
trying to beat you
you wouldn't have lasted
more than a second
and if you don't
improve your duelling
you'll never defeat
the Ignis either
but now that you're
one of the Hanoi,
I'll help improve your game
and you'll help
with my master plan.
I don't think so, I never
agreed to join you if I lost
and after I defeat the Ignis
you're next on my bucket list
The Shepherd may
think that for now
but he'll come around.
Because if he truly wants
to destroy the Ignis,
he knows what the smart move is.
(upbeat dramatic music)